docs: add a note on byob (#76)
lino-levan/astral: README.md

// Connect to first browser instead
const anotherBrowser = await launch({ wsEndpoint: browser.wsEndpoint() });
```

## BYOB - Bring Your Own Browser

Essentially the process is as simple as running a chromium-like binary with the
following flags:

```
chromium --remote-debugging-port=1337 \
--headless=new \
--no-first-run \
--password-store=basic \
--use-mock-keychain \
--hide-scrollbars
```

Technically, only the first flag is necessary, though I've found that these
flags generally get the best result. Once your browser process is running,
connecting to it is as simple as

> [Example](/examples/byob.ts) included in the `examples` directory.

Reviewer: Can we move this out of the examples directory? It's a little annoying to view this on the jsr so I'd prefer to just keep it inline.

// Connect to first browser instead
const anotherBrowser = await launch({ wsEndpoint: browser.wsEndpoint() });
```

## BYOB - Bring Your Own Browser

Essentially the process is as simple as running a chromium-like binary with the following flags:

```
chromium --remote-debugging-port=<SOME_PORT> \

> --headless=new \

Reviewer: Just noting that `--headless=new` will change in the future, but this is fine for now.

Reviewer: Probably fine to say nothing, just a note for someone in the future if this stops working.

--no-first-run \
--password-store=basic \
--use-mock-keychain \
--hide-scrollbars
```

> > Technically, only the first one is necessary, though I've found that these flags generally get the best result. One this is running, it'd be as simple as

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Technically, only the first flag is necessary, though I've found that these flags generally get the best result. Once your browser process is running, connecting to it is as simple as
```

```ts
// Connect to remote endpoint
const browser = await launch({

>   wsEndpoint: "wss://localhost:<SOME_PORT>",

Reviewer: Is wss correct here? I'd be surprised.

Author: mm good point, tried an actual run and the launch seems to break on manual WS connection, see examples/byob.ts

// Connect to first browser instead
const anotherBrowser = await launch({ wsEndpoint: browser.wsEndpoint() });
```

## BYOB - Bring Your Own Browser

Essentially the process is as simple as running a chromium-like binary with the
following flags:

```
chromium --remote-debugging-port=1337 \
--headless=new \
--no-first-run \
--password-store=basic \
--use-mock-keychain \
--hide-scrollbars
```

Technically, only the first flag is necessary, though I've found that these
flags generally get the best result. Once your browser process is running,
connecting to it is as simple as

```typescript
// Import Astral
import { launch } from "jsr:@astral/astral";

// Connect to remote endpoint
const browser = await launch({
  wsEndpoint: "<WS-ENDPOINT>",
  // args: ["--no-sandbox"],

>   // product: "chrome",

Reviewer: Could these be removed?
